hi our neighbor Loveland in I am proud
to be a senior t-tapp trainer sometimes
of you who have found me on my blog in
my website has some idea about what TTIP
is but for those of you that don't it is
an amazing workout that I am passionate
about I've been doing t-tap now for
about ten years and the longer I do it
the more excited I get about it and I
have people coming in to me say Renee I
don't understand why you are lucky are
running and yeah I feel better and I may
have lost a few pounds but I can never
sit in here and my arms are droopy what
can I do about this like little wavy
thing and that's when I get excited
because I know that that's where t-tau
really shines I know it's really hard to
explain to somebody what t-tap is it's
really a workout that you have to just
experience to really get it it's
something you have to feel in your body
not just something that words are going
to explain but having said that one of
the things that would say about it is
that it is a muscle activation technique
that t-tapp really teaches you how to
engage all your muscles because here's a
handy little tip activated muscles
muscles that are actually pulling on
your bones particularly the spine are
muscles that are utilizing glucose or
that sugar that's in your system and did
you know that all those muscles that
attach to your spine from here all the
way down to here are really the ones
that helped us supercharge your fat
burning absolutely so anything that you
can do where you're twisting bending
sweat
the muscles around your spine are the
ones that are really going to
supercharge that metabolic rate but
today I want to just explain maybe give
you a little bit of a visual about what
muscle activation really needs and how
you can begin to feel that and see how
it can play in your own body I'm going
to do it by doing what we call T tap
bicep curls so you can do this along at
home let's bring your arms straight out
right out from your shoulders
so with t10 we don't use any ways we
don't need to but in order to get great
results you have to have really good
alignment while we mean by alignment is
if I think you put your arms right up by
the shoulders if you're down here a few
inches below you're not going to get the
same kind of muscle activation results
instead you want to bring them up so
that they're right out shoulder wrist
and elbow you want everything in
alignment then from there take your
thumbs and roll them back to the back
and feel how all your muscles in your
arms and upper back get activated now to
do a bicep curl we're going to bring our
fingers in thumbs together and I want
you to just keep your elbows up but
bring your arms or your hands up to your
shoulders and then open it back down so
here's a way to do T tap without a lot
of muscle activation you can just bring
it in and take it out one more time
bring it in take it out
so you'll certainly get a certain amount
so with that but lunch as I really
activate my muscles the first thing I'm
going to do is really press my shoulders
down and reach those arms down can use
me that as soon as I did that my triceps
with that little wavy part under me
really tightened up
so from here kind of like Bob I am in as
they type them in and reach it away
watch the difference so we're going to
tighten tighten tighten tighten tighten
and reach reach reach reach which away
I'm hoping then on this video you get
the difference you're tightening it in
and wrenching it away that's muscle
activation and that's what is going to
type in tone especially as you can learn
how to do that not just with your parts
but with your torso in your legs thank
you so much have a great day